[DOC] update the download doc for 2506 release [skip ci] (#12846)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.12 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.06.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.06.0.jar`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.13 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.06.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.06.0.jar`

The output of signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes

> * Support sha1
> * Support bit_count
> * Support group by and reduction on bitwise functions
> * Support GPUScan for iceberg
> * Introduce more metrics for troubleshooting (max writers number, memory bookkeepings)
> * Fix a GPU Out-of-memory bug when spark.speculation is on
> * Fix a get_json_object bug when encounter some special pattern path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support functions that have time zones with daylight savings transitions 
* Support Spark Connect for Spark 3.5.6+ (Spark Connect is supported for Spark 3.4-3.5.5 if the plugin jar is built with a single shim)
* Support for Iceberg 1.6.1 on Spark 3.5.x for read with deletions
* Support array_distinct
* Support bit_count
* Support bitwise aggregate functions (bit_and, bit_or and bit_xor) in groupby and reduction
* Support conv
* Support sha1
* Introduce more metrics for troubleshooting (max writers number, memory bookkeepings)
* Fix a GPU Out-of-memory bug when spark.speculation is on
* Fix a get_json_object bug when encounter some special pattern path
```
